three long ha there's the color Wow
this controversy
and then there are classic cases well go
madam is confusion
well that blokes get used it's a special
day especially for all Australians a
special day for me why I'm having to
marry you what severide yeah like you
want to just say yes get here what's
this orbit hey I'm not a gentleman
and then there's the colossal colossal
color I'm looking for another c-word
c-word
Cornette then is the cricket hi girls hi
handsome
what are you here to watch the cricket
you've got other races what are you
raising and find a husband at the
cricket any eligible suitors here she's
looking for a husband
what's the theme here chaps wives and
girlfriends supporter group hey can you
shut your legs
you come to the boxing day test
you're very cute little boy and who do
you think's going to win haha come on
now don't you suppose we Fagor the North
Pole now I'm actually early on so you're
gonna start really early there's so many
children out there
I gotta get around to all of them you're
trying to make as much money as I can
get 364 days early I sure AM and it's
meat hog come with her mom being in the
snow right now
all right you're gonna bring you're
gonna put these so I'm gonna bring out
your eyes
really free oh gosh bring out your blue
eyes and the blue time for and you're
gonna start singing lookin with us all
right that's right let us seems wrong
eating I'll put this on
no they say be safe go home
what is your fan club 900 huh me
I'm blimey that's different yeah you are
PUD
I'm gonna get back to work thanks Ann
Dunwoody always all this hours in sri
lankan for 10 minutes it's good I feel
good your life taught you're an inductee
Matt you're an inductee it's all good
wardrobe malfunction